.TH gearman_worker_set_workload_free 3 2009-06-01 "Gearman" "Gearman"
.SH NAME
gearman_worker_set_workload_free \- Worker Interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libgearman/gearman.h>
.sp
.BI " void gearman_worker_set_workload_malloc(gearman_worker_st " *worker ", gearman_malloc_fn " *workload_malloc ", const void *workload_malloc_arg); /** * Set custom memory free function for workloads. Normally gearman uses the * standard system free to free memory used with workloads. This function * is used instead. * @param worker Worker structure previously initialized with *        gearman_worker_create or gearman_worker_clone. * @param workload_free Memory free function to replace free(). * @param workload_free_arg Argument to pass along to workload_free. */ void gearman_worker_set_workload_free(gearman_worker_st " *worker ", gearman_free_fn " *workload_free ", const void *workload_free_arg);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Set custom memory allocation function for workloads. Normally gearman uses
the standard system malloc to allocate memory used with workloads. This
function is used instead.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.BR worker
Worker structure previously initialized with
gearman_worker_create or gearman_worker_clone.
.TP
.BR workload_malloc
Memory allocation function to replace malloc().
.TP
.BR workload_malloc_arg
Argument to pass along to workload_malloc.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The Gearman homepage: http://www.gearman.org/
.SH BUGS
Bugs should be reported at https://bugs.launchpad.net/gearmand
.SH COPYING
Copyright (C) 2008 Brian Aker, Eric Day. All rights reserved.

Use and distribution licensed under the BSD license. See the COPYING file in the original source for full text.
